Add documentation for use with Weechat-Android (#16)
oxzi/gosh: README.md

- Client side caching by HTTP headers `Last-Modified` and `If-Modified-Since` and HTTP status code 304
- On Linux there is additional hardening through Landlock and seccomp-bpf
- On OpenBSD there is additional hardening through pledge and unveil

> - Print less output with `?onlyURL` flag, e.g. for use with Weechat-Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print only the final UR with the `?onlyURL` GET parameter instead of a more verbose output
```

In this context, it's a parameter not a flag. Furthermore, I don't think it's necessary to advertise WeeChat twice :)

curl -F 'file=@foo.png' http://our-server.example/?onlyURL
```

> For use with the [Weechat-Android relay client](https://github.com/ubergeek42/weechat-android), simply add the `?onlyURL` flag to the domain and enter in the settings with no further changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For use with the [Weechat-Android relay client](https://github.com/ubergeek42/weechat-android), simply add the `?onlyURL` GET parameter to the URL and enter in the settings with no further changes.
```
